Suggested App Ideas
Details about a small business in your neighborhood
Contact info and description about your workplace or school
Info about a special interest group (like a club or sports team) you’re part of and how new members can sign up
Requirements
Your design must include:

At least one photo representing the business
Business Name
Phone number or email address for the business
Address of the Business
Optional components

Website for the business
Hours of operation
Note: This is not required but If you’re up for a making real impact in your community, go check out an actual local business and obtain their consent to build an app for them!





Create an XML document
To complete this project, you will need to create an XML document. We encourage you to use Android Studio to complete this part of the project, as it has auto-complete features for creating XML tags.

Include a ViewGroup
Be sure to include a ViewGroup (RelativeLayout or LinearLayout) and enough views (Image, Text, or Button views) to complete the project. Check your project against the rubric linked on the next page.




Clean your Build
Before submitting, please follow the instructions for cleaning your project files. This removes some temporary files and greatly decreases the size of your project.

 

Review the Project Rubric
Udacity reviewers will be reviewing your project based on the project rubric. All specifications must be met to pass the project.

 

Final Submission Checklist
Before submitting your project for evaluation, we recommend that you check that each of the following is true:

Your app compiles and runs as expected.
You are proud of your app and its output.
You completed this project according to instructions.
You cleaned the project using the instructions above.
You checked your project against the rubric.
Zip your Project for Submission
Be sure to zip your whole android project only after you have cleaned it.



https://review.udacity.com/#!/rubrics/133/view

Content Review
CRITERIA
Design includes all specified business criteria
MEETS SPECIFICATIONS
Name, Address, Phone Number, Description, and at least one photo representing the business is displayed.


Functionality
CRITERIA
Program compiles and runs on a phone
MEETS SPECIFICATIONS
Program must function in Android Studio emulator and on a phone. Upon launching on a phone, the card appears.

CRITERIA
Content does not appear "cut off"
MEETS SPECIFICATIONS
Layout scales responsively for screen sizes in portrait mode, with no part of any images only partially visible. Student is not responsible for responsive design in landscape mode.


Code Review
CRITERIA
At least one View Group is included
MEETS SPECIFICATIONS
XML must include a Relative Layout and/or a Linear Layout

CRITERIA
View Groups contain at least one image view and at least one text view
MEETS SPECIFICATIONS
Must have one or more image views or text views.

CRITERIA
Elements and Text on screen are in appropriate units
MEETS SPECIFICATIONS
Elements are specified in dp, text is specified in sp.

